doc(README): cable instructions (#39)
anarchuser/rose: README.md

A project about building an operating system for the Raspberry Pi 4B. The base for this project is the following
tutorial: https://github.com/s-matyukevich/raspberry-pi-os.git

# How to cable

Plug in the black cables of each serial cable into a Ground pin on the Pi (for example pin 6 and 14).

Then **white** of the other cable to 8 (GPIO 14 / TXD)  
Then **green** of one cable to 10 (GPIO 15 / RXD)

> The serial cable with **white** connected is transmitting to the computer and has to be plugged into the computer first. It has to show up as `/dev/ttyUSB0`.  

Author: Mac instructions added in 56b31d49060df5e9cd9c706452b39be52a3d97ff

A project about building an operating system for the Raspberry Pi 4B. The base for this project is the following
tutorial: https://github.com/s-matyukevich/raspberry-pi-os.git

# How to cable

Plug in the black cables of each serial cable into a Ground pin on the Pi (for example pin 6 and 14).

Then **white** of the other cable to 8 (GPIO 14 / TXD)  
Then **green** of one cable to 10 (GPIO 15 / RXD)

The serial cable with **white** connected is transmitting to the computer and has to be plugged into the computer first. It has to show up as `/dev/ttyUSB0`.  
The **green** one is receiving on the Raspberry Pi and has to be `/dev/ttyUSB1`.

### MacOS cable setup:

> Under the assumtion that the serial cable is starting with the name `usbserial-`. The cable with the biggest value is receiving from the Raspberry Pi and the cable with the smallest value is transmitting to the Raspberry Pi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the assumption that the serial cable is detected with a name containing `usbserial`, the lexicographically highest cable is receiving from the Raspberry Pi and the lexicographically smalles one is transmitting to the Raspberry Pi.
```
